Yes so many know the South African football players and the different clubs they play for. But these amazing 10 facts about them are just being known. These are the the salient truths about the South African footballers.&nbsp;1. FC Qaraba , the club that Dino Ndlovu plays for, has been playing away from its home for 26 years because of political problems between Azerbaijan and Armenia.2. Joburg-born Jacobs brothers hold the unique record of having featured in the only match in professional football where 4 brothers were together on the field, playing for the same team. Keaghan, Devon, Sheldon and Kyle all played for Livingston in a Scottish Third Division match against Albion Rovers (On 27 April 2010).3. All four of the young South African players currently playing in the UK do not need work permits to play in the country.This is because they are either UK residents or are EU citizens. Kamohelo Mokotjo (Bramford FC) is a dual citizen of SA and Holland. Similarly Nikolas Tavares (Crystal Palace) is a dul citizen of Croatia and SA. Kgosi Ntlhe (Rochdale) and Sipho Mdlalose (Southampton) are UK residents.4. Cape Town-born Nikola Tavares who was recently signed by English Premier League side Crystal Palace, has played for Croatia at junior level. He developed his football at the academy of the legendary Hellenic Football Club in Cape Town.5. There is a total of nine South African players plying their trade in Portugal alone.6. Dino Ndlovu is South Africa s only representative in this year s UEFA Champions League.7. Phakamani Mahlambi currently on trial at Vitoria de Guimar es in Portugal is on the official World Soccer magazine 500 Most Important Players on the Planet. He is currently the only South African player on the list.8. Midfielder Sergio Marakis was developed at Sporting Lisbon in the same academy that produced Cristiano Ronaldo.9. Dino Ndlovu has already scored twice in the early stages of the 2017/18 UEFA Champions League.10. Vanderbijlpark-born Danny Amos was recently included in the Israel squad for a friendly with Moldova and World Cup qualifier against Albania. He didn t play in the qualifier and therefore remains eligible to play for SA. Loading...