There are no shortage of hot actresses in Hollywood. But these 9 stunners hailing from Africa bring more to the table than most. With sexy bodies, classic style, astonishing talent, and likeable personalities, we know you ll enjoy this list .with jaw dropped.McClure was born in Durban, South Africa, this sexy actress is best known for her portrayal of Dr. Clementine Chasseur on Netflix s original series Hemlock Grove and her five year stint on the Sci-Fi channel s Battlestar Galactica as Officer Anastasia Dualla. Follow her on social media, and you ll swear she s a top model. She has a way of looking gorgeous in everything she wears, especially high fashion looks.This London born actress with Zimbabwe roots is a mom of three with a body that doesn t quit. Her full name, Thandiwe (pronounced tan-DEE-way) means beloved. She is best known for roles like Nyah Nordoff-Hall in Mission: Impossible II and Christine in Crash. Speaking about her sex scene with Tom Cruise in MI2, Newton stated It was hysterical. We wanted to make it naughty and fun. When the camera stopped rolling, it was hard to stop laughing. You ve probably seen up and coming celeb Ella Thomas in something, but you just can t put your finger on it. Maybe it s in smaller roles on television s Parenthood and Castle, or her more recognizable roles as Agent Deborah Meade on CSI: NY or as P. Diddy s fianc e on the HBO hit Entourage. But she s also been in editorial spreads and print ads for American Vogue, Glamour, ELLE, Gap, Tiffany &amp; Co., and Levi s. Thomas was born to an Eritrean mother and an American Air Force officer, who was stationed in Eritrea. In the horn of Africa, Ella s mother hails from Eritrea s capital of Asmara.This sexy American actress was born in Spokane, Washington. The granddaughter of a Nigerian tribal leader of the Igbo, her father is Nigerian. Her last name Echikunwoke means leader of men. You ve seen her on That 70s Show, 90210, House of Lies, and as a series regular on the sci-fi series The 4400. One of her favorite places to visit is actually Havana, Cuba. In a 2012 interview Echikunwoke stated, On my way home from Costa Rica, I did a week in Havana. The colors, the music, the beautiful men and the cars! I love vintage and antique cars and own a couple myself. Although raised in Australia, Michelle is a South African native born in Cape Town. Her father is of Dutch-African descent and her mother is from Indian-African heritage. With a stunning smile, spectacular hair, and gorgeous body .it s not hard to see why she s made our ten hottest list. Her career is just taking off with roles in television s Melrose Place (2009), Castle, and NCIS: Los Angeles. Her story is the oldest in the book: spotted in high school by a film director who introduced her to a French modeling agent. This high paid, high fashion model has appeared on the covers of Paris Italian, Japanese, American, French and Spanish Vogue just to name a few. Being the face ad campaigns for Gap, Yves Saint-Laurent, Victoria s Secret, Tommy Hilfiger, Revlon, Dolce &amp; Gabbana, and Louis Vuitton has helped her rake in some major bank. But being the only Ethiopian to be the face of Est e Lauder in the company s history reportedly paid her $3 million. With a body to kill for and an estimated net worth of $18 Million, she makes it to number four on our list.Although known as a British actress, Gugu is the daughter of Patrick Mbatha, who is a doctor from South Africa. Her parents separated when she was an infant, and she was raised by her mother, Anne Raw, in England. Although Gugu has a stage background, she is more famous for TV roles on Bad Girls and Doctor Who. She looks just as sexy in a blazer and jeans as she does in a film premiere gown. She carries herself with a style and grace that is undeniable. With sexy legs and a hot body, you might be surprised to know: she s only 5 4 .Azie may seem like just a Southern California girl, having been raised in LA for the most part. But being a first-generation immigrant whose family hails from and still mostly lives in Ethiopia and Eritrea, she identifies with her East African heritage. She gained popularity on the CW s Jane the Virgin but has stated she had no interest in acting as a Los Angeles youth. Azie has a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the University of California, Berkeley. And her business, Fortuned Culture, has helped her make her mark as a philanthropic entrepreneur.We ll never forget how stunningly gorgeous Nyong o was in her light blue Cinderella-esque Prada gown at the 2013 Oscars. And oh yeah, she became the first Kenyan to win an Academy Award for her performance as Patsey in 12 Years a Slave. The Mexican-Kenyan actress took home the prize for Best Supporting Actress, also becoming fourth Mexican born actress to be nominated for an Oscar. People Magazine named her the most beautiful woman in the world in 2014, and we can t disagree.