We are altogether fixated on our mobile phones. The mobile phone is the device we use once a day, and even we lay down with it charging alongside our bed. This gadget is just all over. Be that as it may, there is a worry regardless of whether they increment the danger of creating growth or tumors in the neck and head zones, because of mobile phone radiationThe cell phone antennas emit radio frequency energy waves. These waves are a form of non-ionizing radiation that our bodies can absorb. It is believed this radio-frequency energy increases the risk of cancer. However, the time you spend talking on the phone, the type of cell phone you use, where you hold it, are the factors which should also be considered when determining their harm.According to Federal Communications Commission (FCC), all cell phones sold in the US must be tested for their SAR or Specific Absorption Rate.The Specific Absorption Rate is the rate at which radiation from a cell phone is being absorbed into the human body when the phone is held up next to the ear. It is allowed up to 1.6 watts per kilogram of body weight. Therefore, any device whose SAR exceeds this amount is banned from being soldMoreover, the leading online tech review website- CNET, observes the SAR for every cell phone. The senior editor of CNET, Donald Bell, highlights the top 5 cell phones, which have the highest levels of radiation, or SAR scores.This is the list of the top 5 cell phones, which have the highest levels of radiation, or SAR scores:1) Motorola Droid Maxx, SAR 1.54. Sold by Verizon Wireless2) Motorola Droid Ultra, SAR 1.54. Sold by Verizon Wireless3) Motorola Moto E, SAR 1.54) Alcatel One Touch Evolve, SAR 1.49. Sold by T-Mobile5) Huawei Vitria, SAR 1.49. Sold by MetroPCSSo, as you can see, on the top of the list is the Motorola Droid Max, which is among the priciest and best-rated ones. The second and the third cell phone are the most expensive models on the list, while the remaining three are cheaper phones. Make sure that the next time you buy a phone, you check its SAR.Additionally, you should protect yourself from your cell phone s radiation by: