Western Cape Premier Helen Zille was asked to leave the Western Cape legislature on Thursday after she refused to withdraw an unparliamentary comment about an ANC MP. Provincial speaker, Sharma Fernandez, had asked the loud-mouthed DA premier to withdraw her fraud allegation against ANC MPL Sharon Davids but she resisted, leading to removal.The uproar began when Sharon slammed Zille for not carrying herself as the first lady of the province and for being a very rude woman. I lost respect for this honourable premier and I don t think that is the way for the first lady of the province to behave. She is rude she is a rude person, the ANC MPL said. Sharon, according to report, made the assertions after Zille allegedly told her to shut up. But the Premier denied doing so. She, [Zille] however, admitted that she moved her lips but didn t say anything. Zille is said to have attacked Sharon for heckling at DA provincial leader Bonginkosi Madikizela while he was delivering his speech in the House.Madikizela, who is also Western Cape Human Settlements MEC is currently being investigated by the legislature over his outrageous birthday bash, which was reportedly funded with taxpayers money. Although the MEC denies any wrongdoing, opposition parties pressurize the provincial government to find out which group of Madikizela s friends funded the party, as he claimed. Zille s response when Sharon called her a rude woman was: Davids] has been running a commentary reflecting on the integrity of [Madikizela]. [She] has a prima facie charge against her of fraud against this house. She was asked to withdraw the fraud claim but she refused. She was then kicked out by the Provincial speaker, Sharma Fernandez.Helen Zille has apparently made herself a thorn in the flesh for many in Western Cape and the country at large. A fortnight ago she offered to leave the chamber after she refused to withdraw her remark that EFF MPL Bernard Joseph made a false statement. Sometime in June, she was suspended after a two-day deliberation of the DA s Federal Executive (FedEx) in Johannesburg over her social media commentary and public utterances in connection with colonialism. Loading...