Here&#8217;s a list of inspiring kids who are doing amazing things and changing the world.This 12-year-old girl is probably more successful than you. Hopes, dreams and hard work which started at a lemonade stand have propelled Mikaila Ulmer to incredible success.Couple of months ago, Mikaila landed a multi-million dollar deal with Whole Foods to sell her Bee Sweet lemonade in 55 of their US stores.Now her lemonade business has caught the eye of some NFL players looking to invest! NFL players Omar bolden, Bobby Wagner donate over $800,000 to 12-year-old Mikaila Ulmer&#39;s Me &amp; The Bees Lemonade business. More info on LiveCivil.com. #MikailaUlmer #MeAndTheBees #LiveCivilA post shared by LiveCivil (@livecivil) on Jul 7, 2017 at 6:41pm PDTAccording to Sports Illustrated, former and current NFL players have invested $810,000 in Mikaila s business, believing that she has even greater things ahead for herself.It s clear that this girl is very special and has a great team backing her too. Can t wait to see what she s doing when she gets older.12 year old Marley Emmerson Diaz loved to read. She read so much that she felt all the stories had a very similar character- caucasian boys with dogs. She needed a new challenging book and wanted to read about black girls like her who were not so popular in the children s literature department. She didnt get angry and abandon reading, Marley decided to do something about it.Increadibly, Marley decided to start the #1000BlackGirlBooks campaign which sought to collect at least 1000 books about black girls and their adventures. The campaign was so successful that she has collected about 8000 books and helped promote the need for more books with diverse storylines for children.&nbsp; #IAmAMogul: Check out the op-ed I wrote @OnMogul schooling parents on teachable lessons through music. (Link in bio) #1000BlackGirlBooks A post shared by Marley Dias (@iammarleydias) on Apr 7, 2016 at 2:48pm PDTMarley is not only promoting the black girl literature, she has also become an influencer at the tender age of 11. What is your idea? Instead of talking yourself out of it, perhaps it is better to take a page from Marley book and do something about it.Great job Marley! Don t stop shining you brilliant black star.Long Island&#8217;s Ify, an ambitious little fashionista, always wanted to change the world. But when she was diagnosed with a critical asthmatic health condition she was put on medications which affected her weight. The kids at school would call her chubby and tease her but she wasn t having any of it. In 2015 she started Bully Chasers, to encourage other children who are getting bullied to speak out and Chubii Line, a clothing brand for curvy girls My First Book Store for my book! Book signing TBA!A post shared by Bullychasers /Chubiiline LLC (@bullychasers) on Aug 11, 2017 at 1:32pm PDT&nbsp;15-year-old Rayouf Alhumedhi, living in Germany, is the teenage hijabi who, after realising there weren t any hijabi emojis, decided to do something about it. After trying to create a Whatsapp group with her friends with emojis in the title to represent each person in her circle, most of whom are in hijab, Rayouf decided to voice her concerns to Apple. They didn t respond. She did however get a response from Unicode after submitting an emoji proposal and at the end of 2016, presented a revised proposal to the Unicode Technical Committee meeting in November. She hopes that with the new Unicode 10 release in spring 2017, we ll have at least one hijab emoji. A long while back in Berlin : @dominikbutzmannA post shared by Rayouf (@rayoufalhumedhi) on May 1, 2017 at 12:43am PDT&nbsp;Robbie Novak from Hendersen Tennessee is best known on the internet as Kid President, the wise little boy in a suit and tie inspiring the world one speech at a time. Since his inauguration, Robbie started a series on awesome girls of the world and even met and interviewed the awesomest girl, Beyonc .