These children tends to grow up with what they do , what they see and how well the teach them therefore parents are advised to to teach them good habits and timely remove bad habitsHolding food in the mouth is such a bad habit of children that parents should remove it from them.Holding food in the mouth is such a bad habit of children that parents should remove it from them. That s because holding food in mouth for a long period of time will make the digestive enzyme from saliva glands transfer foods into sugar. The amount of sugar will stick to the teeth and for long time and create good conditions for bacteria to enter and destroy children s teeth, not mention that the habit is also the reason of anorexia in children.How to treatGive children compliments and encouragement when they finish the food quickly and cleanly. If children focus too much on TV and forget to chew and swallow, you should turn off the television to make them pay more attention to the eating. You shouldn t force children to eat all of the food in a meal because when children are pretty full, they start to be lazy to chew.Therefore, you should divide the food into meals in order to make children be more relaxed and interested in eating. If children keep on holding food in their mouth, parents should take them to nutritional doctors to check and recommended a sensible eating.Picking noses is not only impolite, but also has bad effects on health. That behavior can increase the risk of infections and spread pathogens to others. The bacteria in fingers can cause infections to the nose from the inside, spread flu and cold.A research showed that there re 91% of adults like to do this and accidentally lead to children imitation.How to treatEncourage children to use soft tissue to clean the nose, wash hands after picking noses and patiently remind them to do so. At the same time, parents should use prize to encourage them.Besides, to have the habit completely removed, you have to know the root cause that makes children feel uncomfortable in their noses: allergies, cold air or high temperatures which make the noses dry and stuffy. Since that, parents should use humidifiers or clean children s noses with cotton swab wetted with saline to reduce the discomfort of their noses and the picking noses.Biting nails for too long can cause bleeding in the nearby skin areas or even infections.Biting nails can make the skin surrounding the nail damaged and create chance for bacteria to easily get in to it. Biting nails for too long can cause bleeding in the nearby skin areas or even infections. Dr. Edelman recommended parents to get to know the reason of biting nails in children. It could be psychological pressure or depressed moods.Putting bitter-taste substances on fingers are efficient but, it just happens when children really want to stop the habit. Painting the nails and wearing cute things on the top of fingers can also make children pay more attention to look at them than bite.How to treatWhen nails have signs of infections, parents should take them to healthcare centers right away.What makes children broke the rude every time preparing to bed may be the engrossed in watching a cartoon or their favorite programs. It also due to the fact that they have taken a long nap in the afternoon or members in family talked so loudly that they couldn t sleep .There re many researches showed that staying up late as well as sleep lacking and poor sleeps can affect the health of children. Lacking sleep can lead to many issues about behavior, discomfort and poor academic achievements.Watching a cartoon or favorite program can make children stay up late.Researches carried out in America also showed that the quality of sleeps can affect the weight gaining in children. Lacking sleeps also brings children difficulties in height developments.How to treatMake them to go to bed soon and prevent them from watching violent or action programs before bed. Parents should create a punctual lifestyle to their children: every activity, such as eating, sleeping, studying have to be happened regularly in certain hours.When getting your children to bed, you should sing to them or tell them a fairy tale. The pat and lullabies will help children feel safe and go to bed comfortably. Besides, you shouldn t be atwitter around them because children can t sleep well if there re noises around. It d be better if you go to bed early.To children, breakfast is the most important meal. A spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics (American) said that if children didn t have breakfast, they d have more chances of obesity. In case children have breakfast, their brain can be easily stimulated, get information faster and have better focus.How to treatensure they take breakfast Loading...