Settled between the amazing Outeniqua Mountains and the entrancing blue of the Indian Ocean, Knysna lies at the core of South Africa&#8217;s celebrated Garden Route. The seaside town has twice been voted South Africa&#8217;s Number One Favorite Town, and in light of current circumstances. It&#8217;s both neighborly and advantageous, with a lot of beautiful B&amp;Bs, boutique shops and gourmet restaurants geared towards its booming tourist trade. It also has more than its fair share of attractions, many of which are inspired by the town&#8217;s spectacular natural setting. This article takes a look at those activities most deserving of a space on your Knysna bucket-list.&nbsp;Knysna&#8217;s beaches offer a great way to experience the best of the outdoors for free. When the tide is in, there s safe swimming at Leisure Island&#8217;s Bollard Beach. With plenty of clean sand, it&#8217;s also the perfect destination for sand-castle-loving kids; while a nearby picnic site offers BBQ facilities, toilets and shade. If you&#8217;re after a long, romantic beach walk, try the five mile/ eight kilometer trail from Brenton-on-Sea to dramatic Buffalo Bay.Knysna is surrounded by patches of state forest perfect for a wide range of adventurous activities including hiking and mountain-biking. At Millwood, the Homtini Cycle Route offers 12 miles/ 19 kilometers of unspoiled trails, while the Petrus-se-Brand Mountain Bike Trail at Diepwalle winds through the trees for 15 miles/ 24 kilometers. For detailed information about exploring the region&#8217;s woodland areas, visit the Knysna Tourism website.Like most South African towns, Knysna has its own informal settlement, or township. Several companiesoffer township tours, which give township residents much needed income while also offering visitors an insight into the life of the local Xhosa people. While exploring the township&#8217;s ramshackle streets, you&#8217;ll meet new people, visit local schools and businesses and even have the opportunity to sample authentic African cuisine.Knysna supports a variety of different habitats, making it an optimum spot for birding throughout the year. Look out for waders and sea birds at Woodbourne Marsh and alongside the causeway to Leisure Island; and for African Fish Eagles upriver of the N2 bridge over the lagoon. In particular, keen birders should keep an eye out for the Knysna Lourie, an endemic woodland species with striking green-blue plumage and unmistakeable scarlet-colored under-wings.Recently established as a Hope Spot in recognition of its marine biodiversity, Knysna is hotspot for scuba divers. The lagoon is home to several interesting macro species, including the endemic and endangered Knysna Seahorse. At around four inches/ 10 centimeters in length, divers will need a keen eye to spot this species; however, there are plenty of larger animals to look out for as well. A favorite dive site is the wreck of the Paquita, a German ship sunk in 1903.For an amazing close encounter with one of Africa&#8217;s most iconic species, head to the Knysna Elephant Park, located just off the N2 between Knysna and Plettenberg Bay. The park cares for orphaned, abandoned and abused African elephants, and offers visitors the chance to meet the world&#8217;s largest land mammal in a natural, cruelty-free setting. There, you can join an elephant-back safari, or accompany the elephants on their daily bush walk.Drive to the public lookout on Knysna&#8217;s Eastern Head for beautiful views of the lagoon, or sign up for an eco-tour at Featherbed Nature Reserve on the Western Head. The tour starts with a 25 minute boat trip across the lagoon, before you re driven to the scenic viewpoint. Thereafter, you can return by car, or walk approximately one mile/ two kilometers back through the coastal forest and along the lagoon s edge in time for an al fresco lunch at the reserve restaurant.The road over Knysna s Eastern Head and down the other side is extremely steep in places, but it s the only way to get to a beautiful sheltered cove called Coney Glen. Here, you can spend a day in blissful peace &#8211; perfecting the art of the South African braai at the grassy barbecue area, snorkelling in the adjacent rock pools, or catching a tan on the sandy beach. For photographers, it&#8217;s one of Knysna&#8217;s most rewarding spots.Whether you opt to join a deep-sea fishing trip or to hire a rod and try your luck from shore, Knysna offers plenty of opportunities for keen fishermen. The lagoon is a prime spot for estuarine species like Garrick, Kob and Spotted Grunter, while the beaches of Brenton-on-Sea and Buffalo Bay offer rock-and-surf species like Shad, Bronze Bream and White Steenbras. Wherever you decide to fish, don&#8217;t forget to buy a permit from the Knysna Post Office.Knysna is known for the quality of its restaurants, and in particular for its seafood. Oysters are grown in the estuary and are some of the freshest in South Africa &#8211; and as such have become synonymous with the town&#8217;s culinary scene. Sample them for yourself at the eateries on scenic Knysna Quays; hop on a lagoon cruise to snack on oysters while learning all about the local industry; or experience the madness of the town&#8217;s annual Oyster Festival.