Home Affairs Minister Hlengiwe Mkhize is not happy that South Africans are very rude, impolite and offended with the Gupta family. Hlengiwe Mkhize will not revoke members of the Gupta family s citizenship if their businesses are sold and they relocate to Dubai, saying she wants the family to be treated with dignity.During questions to the security cluster ministers, EFF MP Hlengiwe Mkhaliphi asked Mkhize what the exceptional business circumstances were that compelled her department to grant a certain family Parliamentary parlance for the Guptas citizenship.Backing up her claims, Minister Hlengiwe Mkhize asserted that it s on record that the Gupta family had up to 7000 permanent employees at their companies and that their companies were among the biggest in the country. But the EFF members disagreed, saying that the family s businesses are not genuine because they looted state-owned firms, including PRASA, Transnet, SAA, Eskom, and others. But the EFF members disagreed, saying that the family s businesses are not genuine because they looted state-owned firms, including PRASA, Transnet, SAA, Eskom, and others. Weighing in, DA MP Haniff Hoosen asked the minister if she will revoke the family s citizenship since they are planning to relocate to Dubai and selling their businesses.Mkhize replied: No. We have looked at this issue. There are processes, you can t go by hearsay. There is no information that they are no longer investing in South Africa. In their respective responses, DA chief whip John Steenhuisen and Agang MP AndriesTlouamma expressed dissatisfaction with the minister s answers. An apparently irritated Tlouamma added: It seems everybody is under their control . The Guptas stole our money, what investments are you talking about? asked Tlouamma. He also asked if their citizenship was granted to please President Jacob Zuma and his family.Mkhize said it was essential for the dignity of the House to be truthful.Tlouamma jumped up and said, It is public knowledge that Duduzane Zuma is doing business with the Guptas. Duduzane is Jacob Zuma&#8217;s son.Mkhize did not want to add anything to her earlier answer to Tlouamma. Loading...