The country was having many issues with Faith Muthambi as the Minister of Communications thus, President To moved her to the Public Service and Administration portfolio when he reshuffled his cabinet. That was in March 2017. Two months after she was moved to Public Service and Administration, Muthambi introduced the shady deeds which ruined the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) at her new Ministry. It emerged that the Minister in May, used taxpayer s money to ferry her friends and family across the country to Cape Town. Why? she wanted them to be there while she presents her budget speech in Parliament 5 Facts The following are the facts we gathered from the recent dubious revelations about Minister Muthambi:1. She Flew 30 Friends and Family Based on what was revealed by an official document from Minister Muthambi s department, 30 friends and family were flown to Cape Town from different provinces. The Minister s relatives and friends were shuttled from Limpopo to OR Tambo International Airport at taxpayers expense. And they all spent two nights in Cape Town courtesy of South African taxpayers, a source told Sunday Times.2. R300,000 Of Taxpayer s Money was Spent on the Needless Charity With the poverty and hardship most South Africans are forced to live with, Minister Muthambi knows how best to spend aboutR300,000 of taxpayer s money. Use it and ferry friends and family to Parliament, it s necessary. They will give you all the support you need when it s time to give your budget speech. Other Facts You May Have Missed3. Minister Muthambi has Hijacked the Power to Appoint Staff Members It s said that the Minister s first major move after she was moved to Public Service and Administration was to hijack the power to appoint staff members in the department. She deprived her director-general, Mashwahle Diphofa the authority and responsibility of overseeing the employment of new staff members. Why she did that is the next fact.4. She Unduly Employed Hlaudi Motsoeneng s Daughter It is largely believed that Faith Muthambi as the Minister of Communications, allowed Hlaudi Motsoeneng to make useless of the SABC. She refused to take decisive action against Mr Hlaudi despite the illegalities heaped around him. Hlaudi reign over SABC eventually ceased and Minister Muthambi moved to another portfolio. Nonetheless, Muthambi wouldn t fail to compensate her buddy.She hired his daughter, Lerato Motsoeneng to work as an administrative assistant without conducting any interview or advertising the post. Lerato wouldn t know what it means to be unemployed like most South Africans. She was employed straight from the university and her pay is over R200,000 per year.5. She Employed Another Guy Who s Unwilling to Talk about his Relationship with her Lerato Motsoeneng isn t the only one Minister Muthambi blessed. A police constable identified as Mashudu Tshisikule was blessed too. The Minister unduly employed the man with no tertiary education as her personal assistant. As learnt, the man earned about R150,000 per year as a constable. Now, he ll be taking home R1.1 million. While Tshisikule isn t willing to talk about his relationship with the minister, the minister said this about him: (He was) a fellow branch comrade since youth league days and my constituency office coordinator since my election as a member of parliament in 2009. Having said that, the Minister affirmed that the man is qualified to be her personal assistant. Loading...