Charlize Theron, Trevor Noah and Arnold Vosloo aren&#8217;t the only SA born stars making a name for themselves in Hollywood.From roles on Pretty Little Liars to Glee, here are seven celebs you might not have known are from SA.And yes, we known there are plenty more local exports making it big abroad. But these are all we could fit on this list (for now!).So, if you want us to make a part two, send your picks to @TheJuiceSA on Twitter or Facebook.1. Sasha Pieterse Sasha is best known for her role as Alison DiLaurentis on the hit series, Pretty Little Liars.She was born in Johannesburg in 1996, before moving to Las Vegas in 2001. She later relocated to Los Angeles.Movies she&#8217;s starred in include Good Luck Chuck and X-Men First Class, and she&#8217;s also appeared in the popular series, Heroes and Hawaii Five-0.2. Lesley-Ann BrandtLesley-Ann was born in Cape Town but emigrated to Auckland, New Zealand, with her parents and her younger brother in 1999.The actress caught everyone&#8217;s eye as the slave girl Naevia in Spartacus in 2011 and in 2015 she won the role of Maze in the FOX television series Lucifer.3. Dean GeyerMusician and actor Dean Geyer was born in Johannesburg before moving to Australia with his family.Dean finished third in the 2006 season of Australian Idol, and even appeared on an Australian soap opera.He later went on to join the cast of the US hit show Glee in the 4th season as Junior Brody.4. Troye SivanTroye was born in Johannesburg but relocated to Australia with his family when he was two.Even though he is an extremely popular YouTube personality, you might also remember Troye as the younger version of Wolverine in the 2009 movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine.5. Tammin SursokTammin Sursok was born in Johannesburg and her family immigrated to Sydney, Australia when she was four.She is best known for her roles as Colleen Carlton on The Young and the Restless and Jenna Marshall on Pretty Little Liars.6. Alice Krige Alice was born in Upington in the Northern Cape.In Star Trek: First Contact, Alice played the Borg Queen. She returned to this character in the Star Trek game Star Trek: Armada II and in the Star Trek: Voyager series finale.The actress guest starred in Six Feet Under, Law &amp; Order: Criminal Intent, The 4400, and Dirty Sexy Money. She also featured in the final season of BBC drama Waking the Dead, in 2011.The list can seriously go on and on, and on.7. Adhir KalyanAdhir was born in Durban to an Indian South African family. His mother, Santosh Vinita &#8220;Sandy&#8221; Kalyan, is a member of Parliament in the South African National Assembly, where she represents the Democratic Alliance.He portrayed recurring characters in the fifth season of the cable show Nip/Tuck, and in the third season of the CBS sitcom Rules of Engagement, becoming a series regular in the latter&#8217;s fourth season.He also had a minor role in the movie, No Strings Attached.(Photos: Getty)-The Juice